c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\DevopsSample.exe.config
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\DevopsSample.exe
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\DevopsSample.pdb
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.Policy.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Client.TranslationServices.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SharePoint.Tools.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.Client.Tenant.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Publishing.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.WorkflowServices.dll
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\obj\Debug\DevopsSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\obj\Debug\DevopsSample.exe
c:\users\mathewam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevopsSample\DevopsSample\obj\Debug\DevopsSample.pdb
